Let me look for Shang Hui this time, and look for Shang Hui this time,
Don't protect the label, please ask the company to develop a small area,
As a result of participating in our district development project,
Now you can tell me please don’t say it,
Lift it up!
Grandma, don’t worry, we will definitely give you serious treatment.
Um, um, um, um, um, Wen Niu, are you ready to let go?
Submit your plan?
Let it go, I was fine before,
Rest well, why don't you just put it away and hand it over?
It doesn’t even take a few moments, save the car,
Don't you understand yet?
His boys are in good condition
He didn't dare to lift his feet at all
If he lifts his foot,
Not much to do
Everyone, please come up with the bidding method.
Once we settle down
The bidding plan that came up was passed
Once we think